What serves is are hard to find on the basis. So one thing right now with
you know, the size of the force looking accordion growing, the one
we're shrinking and what not? And so I found Well, I personally have
all my medical needs. Met with docks and the dentist aboard the
ship or the hospital hospital. Do you find that? You know, an O B G
for my wife? Uh, that is easy to come by on pediatricians for the kids,
not as easy to come by. And those, of course, are critical or family
life stability. So you wanna try to investigate that as best you
can get to you before you get to the station? And certainly you need
to find out, Do they try there? Because it was pretty popular to
take it, But right now you really want to investigate the docks that
you're gonna have your family make sure they do. Take that right there.